gh-91317: Document that Path does not collapse initial `//` (#32193)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

      PureWindowsPath('c:/Program Files')

   Spurious slashes and single dots are collapsed, but double dots (``'..'``)

>    and initial double slashes (``'//'``) are not, since this would change the
>    meaning of a path in the face of symbolic links and UNC (network) paths
>    respectively::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and leading double slashes (``'//'``) are not, since this would change the
   meaning of a path for various reasons (e.g. symbolic links, UNC paths)::
```
